chore: bump driver version and update changelog (#923)
aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper: CHANGELOG.md

* Allow custom secret keys for database credentials retrieval ([PR #843](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/843)).

### :bug: Fixed
* Separate plugin chain cache based on whether a plugin needs to be skipped or not ([PR #916](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/916)).
* Check the cached token and exception type before retrying connection in the auth plugins ([PR #902](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/902)).
* Set the default SSL Secure setting to True ([PR #848](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/848)).

### :crab: Changed
* Use poetry version compatible with Python 3.8 ([PR #913](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/913)).
* Port over PluginService API changes from JDBC ([PR #901](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/901)).
* Verify links in markdown documentation ([PR #909](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/909)).
* Replace poetry installation with bash for GitHub actions ([PR #903](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/903)).

> * Docs: update python requirement and environment variable information ([PR #900](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/900)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update python requirement and environment variable information in documentation ([PR #900](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper/pull/900)).
```
